pages/partner-with-us/partner-with-us.md, before:


## Challenge Accepted creates fun and engaging challenges for people to take part in from health and fitness to travel, theatre and more. We help thousands of people stay motivated with what they start.</h1>

## Supporting UK charities

Since launch, we've had over 8,000 people take part virtual fundraising challenges on the Challenge Accepted app.

We support UK charities by hosting virtual fundraising events on the app to help participants keep track and stay motivated throughout the campaign.

If you are a registered UK charity <a href="/contact-us" className={link}>get in touch</a> with us to see how we can support your virtual fundraising challenges.

|Charities supported|
| ------------- |:-------------:|:-------------:|
| ![British Heart Foundation](/Partners/bhf-logo.png "British Heart Foundation")  | ![Teenage Cancer Trust](/Partners/tct-logo.png "Teenage Cancer Trust") | 
| ![Stand Up To Cancer](/Partners/su2c-logo.png "Stand Up To Cancer.")  | ![Shine Cancer Support](/Partners/shine-logo.png "Shine Cancer Support")  |
| ![Samaritans](/Partners/sam-logo.png "Samaritans.") | ![Support Dogs](/Partners/suppdogs-logo.png "Support Dogs") |


## Coming soon - marketing campaigns on Challenge Accepted

We can work with you to create an engaging branded challenge on the app that's focused on your customers having fun and taking on a challenge for something you are both passionate about.

🚀 Engage your audience with a bespoke challenge on the app

🏷️ Help people complete their challenge with an offer for your brand

🎯 Target people based on their interests, not demographics

To find out more about branded challenges, <a href="/contact-us" className={link}>get in touch.</a>

Commit message:

updated about us and partner with us page copy only [release]

pages/partner-with-us/partner-with-us.md, after:


## Challenge Accepted creates fun and engaging challenges for people to take part in from health and fitness to travel, theatre and more. We help thousands of people stay motivated with what they start.</h1>

## Supporting UK charities

Since launch, we've had over 12,000 people take part virtual fundraising challenges on the Challenge Accepted app.

We support UK charities by hosting virtual fundraising events on the app to help participants keep track and stay motivated throughout the campaign.

If you are a registered UK charity <a href="/contact-us" className={link}>get in touch</a> with us to see how we can support your virtual fundraising challenges.

|Charities supported|
| ------------- |:-------------:|:-------------:|
| ![British Heart Foundation](/Partners/bhf-logo.png "British Heart Foundation")  | ![Teenage Cancer Trust](/Partners/tct-logo.png "Teenage Cancer Trust") | 
| ![Stand Up To Cancer](/Partners/su2c-logo.png "Stand Up To Cancer.")  | ![Shine Cancer Support](/Partners/shine-logo.png "Shine Cancer Support")  |
| ![Samaritans](/Partners/sam-logo.png "Samaritans.") | ![Support Dogs](/Partners/suppdogs-logo.png "Support Dogs") |


## Looking to discuss a partnership for your business?

We've worked with the likes of Costa Book Awards to trial other themed challenges on the app and are always keen to test new ideas.

If you've got an idea for a branded-partnership <a href="/contact-us" className={link}>reach out to us</a>, we'd love to talk more.
