pages/about-us/about-us.md, before:


    
## About Challenge Accepted

The Challenge Accepted app helps people stay motivated and keep going with all their personal challenges from 30-day health & fitness, reading lists, creating new habits and more.  

We are on a mission to give people the inspiration and tools to complete personal challenges, no matter how big or small. <br/>

There are hundreds of challenges on the app for people to start immediately from: <br/><br/>
**Health & Fitness challenges 🤸‍♀️**<br/>
including a 30-day squat challenges to a 30-day walking challenges<br/><br/>
**Reading challenges 📚**<br/>
including books to read by inspirational women to creating your own reading list<br/><br/>
**Challenges to keep you entertained at home 🧘**<br/>
including film and TV watchlists to crafting ideas to try<br/><br/>
**Challenges to help you start new habits 🌱**<br/>
including cutting down on drinking to getting your 30mins of exercise a day<br/><br/>
**Or people can create a challenge from scratch ✏️** <br/><br/>

The Challenge Accepted app available is to download for free on both the <a href='https://apps.apple.com/us/app/id1517580212'>Apple App Store</a> and <a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.challengeaccepted.challengeacceptedapp&hl=en_GB'>Google Play Store</a>. <br/><br/>

| Milestones  |  |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| 🚀 Jul-20   | Challenge Accepted app first launched on <a href='https://apps.apple.com/us/app/id1517580212'>Apple App Store</a>  and <a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.challengeaccepted.challengeacceptedapp&hl=en_GB'>Google Play Store</a>  |
| ✌️ Aug-20  | Challenge Accepted won Small Business Sunday, a competition ran by BBC Dragon and Retail Entrepreneur Theo Paphitis  |
| 🏃️ Jan-21  | Challenge Accepted supports RED January to help people stay active every day to look after their mental health    |
| ✌️ Feb-21   | Challenge Accepted is a top 10 finalist in Natwest's Global Entrepreneurship pitch competition    |
| ❤️ Mar-21   | Challenge Accepted supports the British Heart Foundation Dechox fundraising challenge    |
| 💚 Apr-21   | Challenge Accepted supports Teenage Cancer Trust's 5,000 lunges fundraising challenge    |
| 🏆 Nov-21   | Challenge Accepted selected in the <a href='https://techround.co.uk/techround-100/78-challenge-accepted/'>TechRound 100</a> - UK's best startups and tech companies of 2021     |
| 🚀 Mar-22   | Challenge Accepted hits over 20,000 registered users     |

<br/>

| Values |  |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| Passionate   | We are passionate about our product, passionate about finishing what we start, and passionate about trying something new.|
| Inclusive   | We host a huge breadth of challenges on the app so there’s something for everyone.  |
| Sustainable   | We are committed to working efficiently and ethically, we are a completely online based company.     |
| Clear   | We streamline everything we do, creating simple processes for both us and Challenge Accepted users.    |



## Our people
**Steph Mandeville**<br/>
Co-Founder and Director<br/>
Steph leads on the strategy, scope and design of the Challenge Accepted app, brand and partnerships. <br/>
Connect with Steph on <a href='https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephaniemandeville/'>LinkedIn</a> <br/><br/>
**Paul Johnson**<br/>
Co-Founder and Lead Programmer<br/>
Paul developed the Challenge Accepted app and infrastructure for Android and iOS.<br/>
Connect with Paul on <a href='https://www.linkedin.com/in/paulsjohnson91/'>LinkedIn</a>.<br/>

Commit message:

updated about us and partner with us page copy only [release]

pages/about-us/about-us.md, after:


    
## About Challenge Accepted

The Challenge Accepted app helps people stay motivated and keep going with all their personal challenges from 30-day health & fitness, reading lists, creating new habits and more. We are on a mission to give people the inspiration and tools to complete personal challenges, no matter how big or small. <br/>

There are hundreds of challenges on the app for people to start immediately from: <br/><br/>
**Health & Fitness challenges 🤸‍♀️**<br/>
including a 30-day squat challenges to charity-led fitness events<br/><br/>
**Reading challenges 📚**<br/>
including themed reading lists to wishlists<br/><br/>
**Challenges to stay entertained at home 🧘**<br/>
including film and TV watchlists (updated monthly) to crafting ideas<br/><br/>
**Challenges inspiring new habits 🌱**<br/>
including drinking more water to daily exercise<br/><br/>
**Or create a challenge from scratch ✏️** <br/><br/>

The Challenge Accepted app available is to download for free on both the <a href='https://apps.apple.com/us/app/id1517580212'>Apple App Store</a> and <a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.challengeaccepted.challengeacceptedapp&hl=en_GB'>Google Play Store</a>. <br/><br/>

| Milestones  |  |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| 🚀 Jul-20   | Challenge Accepted app first launched on <a href='https://apps.apple.com/us/app/id1517580212'>Apple App Store</a>  and <a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.challengeaccepted.challengeacceptedapp&hl=en_GB'>Google Play Store</a>  |
| ✌️ Aug-20   | Challenge Accepted won Small Business Sunday, a competition ran by BBC Dragon and Retail Entrepreneur Theo Paphitis  |
| 🏃️ Jan-21   | Challenge Accepted supports RED January to help people stay active every day to look after their mental health    |
| ✌️ Feb-21   | Challenge Accepted is a top 10 finalist in Natwest's Global Entrepreneurship pitch competition    |
| ❤️ Mar-21   | Challenge Accepted supports the British Heart Foundation Dechox fundraising challenge    |
| 💚 Apr-21   | Challenge Accepted supports Teenage Cancer Trust's 5,000 lunges fundraising challenge    |
| 🏆 Nov-21   | Challenge Accepted selected in the <a href='https://techround.co.uk/techround-100/78-challenge-accepted/'>TechRound 100</a> - UK's best startups and tech companies of 2021     |
| 🌎 Oct-22   | First international charity campaigns launched with Care Australia and UNICEF Australia |
| 🏆 Nov-22   | Challenge Accepted selected as one the top 50 <a href='https://techround.co.uk/techround-100/31-challenge-accepted-steph-mandeville/'>TechRound 100 finalists </a> for the 2nd year running  - UK's best startups and tech companies of 2022     |
| 🌱 Jan-22   | Challenge Accepted hits over 35,000 registered users     |

<br/>

| Values |  |
| ------------- |:-------------:|
| Passionate   | We are passionate about our product, passionate about finishing what we start, and passionate about trying something new.|
| Inclusive   | We host a huge breadth of challenges on the app so there’s something for everyone.  |
| Sustainable   | We are committed to working efficiently and ethically, we are a completely online based company.     |
| Clear   | We streamline everything we do, creating simple processes for both us and Challenge Accepted users.    |



## Our people
**Steph Mandeville**<br/>
Co-Founder and Director<br/>
Steph leads on the strategy, scope and design of the Challenge Accepted app, brand and partnerships. <br/>
Connect with Steph on <a href='https://www.linkedin.com/in/stephaniemandeville/'>LinkedIn</a> <br/><br/>
**Paul Johnson**<br/>
Co-Founder and Lead Programmer<br/>
Paul developed the Challenge Accepted app and infrastructure for Android and iOS.<br/>
Connect with Paul on <a href='https://www.linkedin.com/in/paulsjohnson91/'>LinkedIn</a>.<br/>
